all right folks welcome back this is
episode 29 I'm gonna be doing a brief
review of what took place today
I obviously executed today I wasn't
planning on doing two videos but uh
obviously by the comments
some people are a little bit confused so
I kind of want to bring your attention
back too
that 12 553 and a quarter level which is
the relative equal highs here on NASDAQ
so that was kind of like the basis for
why I went into the market today Monday
the 16th of May
2022.
the bullish bias I was looking for this
drawing liquidity still for Nasdaq I
originally went in looking for a trade
in NASDAQ but all right and the s p much
like the NASDAQ had a daily swing low
and while we didn't have relative equal
highs here for s p the bias was in my
opinion warranted for at least the
beginning of the week looking for a
continuation on the outside
before I get into it tomorrow which is
Tuesday May 17 2022 8 30 in the morning
New York local time we have retail sales
numbers and then two o'clock in the
afternoon New York local time we have
the FED chairman speaking so there's
going to be all kinds of volatility at
two o'clock tomorrow that's the reason
why the market was kind of like
lethargic today but I wanted to kind of
like showcase something so today I kind
of like wanted to put a nail in the
coffin finally about this whole business
about rented in T4 servers okay I'm
never going to bring the conversation up
again or the topic again I think
everyone knows now by seeing what I've
done here just in a short span of time
if I did this for another five six weeks
you could clearly see that it's not
impossible for the same things I was
doing on Twitter years and years ago
okay with mt4 I'm not using mt4 here I
can't game this system I'm using live
data you're watching the execute it is
what it is folks okay now it's paper
trading it's demo trading but I do it
just to prove that I can read this stuff
I'm not trying to beat my chest I'm not
trying to brag but I just want to
finally put this to bed because it's
still
you see people talking about all the
time when they do that kind of talking
you take them back to these videos here
you link these videos to them and let
them choke on it
all right so we have the
one minute chart I went right into the
one minute chart because we're starting
with the bullish bias and at 9 30 we see
the market does in fact take out a
short-term High it declines I'm not
interested in going short
it does not give me a pattern anyway
notice that there's no fair value Gap
Revisited
the market creates this
relative equal low starts a rally
trades up into the afternoon in here
I want to see it create a buying
opportunity
now the logic behind all this is
we're in a day before Fed chair
speaks
so there's going to be very low
volatility as a result of that so it's
going to be a small range day
doesn't mean you can't trade it
obviously but it takes a little bit more
experience now I'm not saying that you
should trade ahead of Fed chair Powell
speaking or any future fed chairman
because it's going to be a very quiet
day usually like this okay and
it's important to know when the
volatility is likely to occur and when
also the volatility is likely to shrink
up and get kind of like lethargic
if you look at the s p at the top
see the drop down relative equal lows
and then we have the same similar
pattern here but look what NASDAQ was
doing
see that lower low when s p was saying I
don't want to go that low so it was
resisting going lower
then
we retraced higher just like this NASDAQ
did but that NASDAQ made a lower low
than that of 10 o'clock in the morning
while at the same time the s p said no
once again I'm not going lower than the
low I made at 10 o'clock so we had a
Divergence here and here no indicators
folks I'm using inter-market
relationships and this is what I dub smt
smart money technique or smart money
tool now
the importance of that is I already had
a bias that's bullish
there was no
short trades that were lined up with
this model today there was no
interest in wanting to be short I want
to focus on being long
so we're in the one minute chart here
and I want you to take a look at what we
have framework wise obviously you've
probably already seen the short video
compressed today
but
looking at Price action like this yes
you can see there is a rally up it
breaks the short term low a fair value
Gap it trades up into it and breaks down
big deal this doesn't fit the criteria
because the displacement leg here would
require us to see a fair value Gap above
50 of the high and the low the
displacement leg and we don't have that
so
nothing here fits the model for a short
but Watch What Happens
the market creates a run-on sell stops
here
then Morales
retraces back down into a fair value Gap
I've seen this happening but I was
trying to get the recording software
that I use and by the way let me just
throw this in here too because I see
people asking
my
website address as a watermark trading
view doesn't do that okay I use my
Camtasia
recording software that helps me do
these videos it's just an application
you can overlay like a
like a text
call out I call it and that's what it is
so it's really when I'm doing the
recording talking
there is nothing here it's a it's a
blank chart and then at the end of the
recording when I'm editing it I'll just
add in my website address and so anyway
with that said we've seen the market
trade back down in and I was trying to
get the Camtasia Studio to open up and
sometimes
it doesn't open up and give me what I
need so I have to close it down entirely
and restart it and the whole time this
candle was doing its business and I
wanted to see it returned into the
sphere of a gap once more and I got in
on this candle here and
we'll look at the relationship between
the NASDAQ which was a little bit
sloppier
in here versus
the s p a little bit more structured
here
so the fair value Gap in here
this candle in here it Wicks down into
it
and I want to get close to this fair
value Gap without it running too far
away so I kind of like want to touch a
little bit tonight with close proximity
entries that means
you might not get
so precise with your entries you might
fumble with your
order entry or something might happen
like it happened with me I I wanted to
record me entering not just simply say
here here's a trade I took so I wanted
to show obviously me getting in putting
a stop managing the position and adding
the second position in here what do you
do in this situation if you miss the
ideal entry well as long as you're
getting in there really close or like
I'm suggesting here a close proximity
entry
I don't think there's anything wrong
with it so if we are looking for
entry patterns
the idea is we want to get into where
our model is suggesting it so we're
seeing the market trade lower lower it's
failing to make a lower low like NASDAQ
and we have
this load is probably not going to be
taken out because we're bullish
the market rallies up we have a
short-term shift in Market structure
that trades back down into the Fairway
Gap look how many opportunities if you
go along one
two three four five six seven eight
eight candles
it gave an opportunity to get in this
area here
either inside the Fairway Gap or in
close proximity to it
now
when the market starts to Rally I have
one more indication that the market
structure has shifted again bullish with
these highs taken out here
and then they had a small little Fair
bag out there and then you watch me add
more the limit order came in filled it I
only had one and a half or no I'm sorry
one and three quarters
handles okay
seven ticks if you want to think of it
like that at seven ticks of Heat against
me on this little candle here
before I started running in my favor
I took the full pool off here
and I did not get the highest high I was
a little disappointed in that regard but
uh the the candle obviously hit it there
and we'll go over to trading View and
look at the business all right we're
over here on trading view this is
live you can see time of this recording
this is where I'm sitting down at the
computer
and the market trades lower creates that
short-term run here rallies
breaking Market structure to this upside
trades into the fair value Gap
and the secondary fair value Gap and it
runs up into the liquidity above here
now if I add
the executions
I want you to see
look right in here and right in here and
up here where you'll see the excess and
entries respectively
so you can see there's that candle that
entry
3994 and a half
3996 and a quarter
and it went down to 94.
what's the low here yeah 94 and a half
so it was only
less than two handles
Heat against me before I started relying
there
this one 399 450
was right in here and the low on this
candle
93 in a quarter so
one and a quarter no less than one
yeah one less than one handle of heat
entering on this candle here and the
next candle had a little bit of
retracement so very very very tight
placement and this was not entering in
the fair value Gap it was in close
proximity to it so the underlying idea
was it was going down in here to go
higher retrace into that to go higher
and you saw me map out all this stuff
here and call it up in you know business
is done but
the exit up here 4022 and a half and
that's that you can see there is no
short positions in here no short
positions over here on that business and
on NASDAQ we'll pull that up to sort of
completeness sake too
[Music]
okay and
no
executions
here see
so all the business was done in
the s p today
so my question to you is when you see
these
videos and
I'm trying to illustrate obviously that
I don't need to fraud anyone
the things I'm teaching you
I think that you're seeing evidence that
it works
hopefully you guys have seen enough with
this here
um
do the math folks okay
in
less than a week and a half
how much more would you see this
compound if I did it for six more weeks
or five weeks
is it hard to imagine
the things that I did on Twitter with
mt4 not a rental nt4 server
literally pushing a button putting the
orders in doing the whole business okay
I know a lot of you have just discovered
me and you're seeing people post stuff
about how other Traders or other mentors
or other teachers
they fake their positions I'm open about
paper trading because it's compliance
I'm not legally allowed to give you
trade advice
so I'm protected
by my
discussion in paper trading because you
cannot make money with paper trades and
you can't lose money with paper trades
but I've always said this from the
beginning I've dubbed myself the demo
baller
I championed that Meme because
I want to make sure everyone knows that
I'm not promising you profitability I
don't dangle a care in front of you and
saying you're going to do what I'm doing
here because you're not going to be able
to replicate this you're not okay don't
be deceived by seeing me do this again
for like the fifth time
running up an account like this would
Breakneck speed velocity
and this is just casually dealing in a
tight range when there's large ranges I
could have easily taken this over to a
million dollars
already
but it doesn't prove anything except for
the fact that I can read price action
that's all that's all I'm showcasing I'm
not trying to say I'm the best I'm not
trying to say that you can't make money
in other things I'm just saying
I know how to read these candlesticks I
know what they're likely to do most of
the time before they do it not all the
time I take losing trades
but when it's really
likely to work with the algorithm
I'll be dialed in
you can't fake what I'm doing you can
see me executing the trade you can see
me managing the trade you can see the
orders entering and filling they pop up
they verify the whole thing no replay
button up here
none of this stuff okay see how that's
blue now
like you can't create that same scenario
so I'm hopefully satisfying
this discussion that people like to
bring up all the time about rented mt4
servers because like that they couldn't
wait to put that on me because they
watched me do just like this and I ran
up to five million dollars in a little
less than one and a half months
Okay so
I understand that doesn't seem possible
I understand that
people that would be able to do what I'm
doing could very easily go out there and
defraud people I'm telling you it's demo
I'm not saying that I did that with real
money I'm just saying that I can read
price action I can see these patterns
forming and even with these other folks
out there with fake mt4 servers and mt4
screenshots of making money and all this
other fake withdrawals on I made fun of
all that stuff
I trolled those people on Twitter
now I'm about to go back to Twitter
this time
I'm not going there with that intent
I'm ready should someone want to bring
it but I'm not there or going there for
that reason the reason why I'm going to
Twitter is I miss being able to do my
small little vignettes where I would do
recordings of me either taking a trade
or reading price action and having some
short little clip 40 seconds long or
less of Music in the background I miss
doing that maybe it wasn't always your
cup of tea for my music choice but I
have a very diverse palette for music
and it's just one of those things I
enjoy doing so
it might not be
worth it for you to follow me on Twitter
or it might be I don't know but
I kind of wanted to clear the air for
the last time and show you all one more
time where I don't need to do
what fraud to do like I can I can see
this stuff before it happens and you can
learn how to do this too
you can read it before it happens you
can see it you can have faith that the
things that you're learning here are
rooted on Sound Logic it's not
randomness
it's not retail logic these are things
that are algorithmic and I think today
was a testimony to that so
tomorrow's going to be very volatile be
careful do not try to trade tomorrow
you'll probably hurt yourself if you do
or don't listen to me and learn the
lesson the hard way
until talk to you next time
be safe